{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 In the Pit:\
Sounds I have heard:\
-Splashing from footsteps.\
 -Victims are walking around\
-Voice acting\
 -In the court\
-Monster eating\
 The monster itself\
-Victims being eaten\
 -The victims themselves\
-Breathing\
 The approximation of the victims\
-Heartbeat\
  The approximation of the victims\
\
The voice acting is used to tell the story.\
The breathing, pulse and splashing are used for the player to know when is the right time to their victims.\
While the game does not have visuals, the sound effects gives the player the sense of living in a sewer.\
These are the same sounds you will hear continuously. The developers could have added more variety. However, this might not be improved due to Microsoft's restrictions on indie developers from using more resources.\
Probably stock sound effects, but also from the voice actors.\
The overall volume for the sounds are just right, but the voice acting is very hammy. The sounds you hear are the only sounds one would expect to hear when in a sewer, so there are never any distractions.\
\
In the Pit trailer:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcD3vC3Bfn8"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcD3vC3Bfn8}}\
\
Classic Game Room review:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_out4G61rDk&nohtml5=False"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_out4G61rDk&nohtml5=False}}\
\
\
Condemned: Criminal Origins:\
Sounds I have heard:\
-Background noise (inside a train station\
-Noise coming from visions, such as static, ringing\
-Gun shots\
-Yelling (and the echoing sounds when heard from a distance)\
-Police Sirens\
-Sound waves\
-Stomping (usually muffled and heard from a distance)\
-Breaking wood\
\
-Gun shots usually come from the serial killers. Police officers also use fire arms to fight back.\
-The static and ringing occurs when the player is having a vision. An interference can be heard when the camera changes angles.\
-Yelling comes from the serial killers.\
-Police sirens come from the vehicles.\
-Soundwaves also come from the hallucinations the player receives.\
-The stomping must have been used for tension and fear.\
-Music is not often present, usually only in the cutscenes. Most of the time, it is eery background noise produced by the environment.\
-Some sounds are repetitive, but they are this way with a purpose.\
 -Police sirens are used to let people know that they are in the vicinity.\
 -The stomping is once again used to create tension.\
 -If anything, there is no need to remove this repetition.\
\
These sounds must have been created by looping them. Others might have been recorded through actual source materials, such as actual police cars and firearms. The breaking wood must have come from bashing doors open.\
-While everything seems balanced for the most part. The voice acting is sometimes very quiet.\
\
Gameplay footage. The video is in Spanish:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xu4w992mlCI"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xu4w992mlCI}}}